Translation corrections (#190)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/tara_omake.txt

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#a59da9>大石</color>", NULL, "<color=#a59da9>Ooishi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 11, "ps3/s20/11/440700436", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "よい子の皆さんにはまだ早い、アダルティックでムーディーな『ひぐらし』のはじまりってことですよぉ～！　なっはっはっはっ！」",

> 			NULL, "It'marks the beginning of a moody, adult \"Higurashi\" story too mature for you little kids to join in~! Na ha ha ha!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "It marks the beginning of a moody, adult \"Higurashi\" story too mature for you little kids to join in~! Na ha ha ha!\"", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, " We are still civil servants,", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 13, "ps3/s20/13/441300067", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "せめて税金を払っている皆さんの範になる振る舞いをお願いしますよ」",

> 			NULL, " so please try to act respectable to all these taxpaying citizens.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " so please try to act respectable around all these taxpaying citizens.\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#6972c1>梨花</color>", NULL, "<color=#6972c1>Rika</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 5, "ps3/s20/05/440500180", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「……正気の沙汰とは思えなかったのです。",
			NULL, "\"...That sounds crazy.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 5, "ps3/s20/05/440500181", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "あの厚さなら、マグナムだって防げてしまえるのですよ」",

> 			NULL, " It's so thick you could defend yourself against a Magnum bullet with that.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " It's so thick you could block a Magnum bullet with that.\"", Line_Normal);
```
